Q1.
A company has an API to manage purchase orders, with each record identified by a unique purchase order ID. The API was built with RAML according to MuleSoft best practices.
What URI should a web client use to request order P05555?
 A/orders/{P05555}

 B/orders/order=P05555

 C/orders?order=P05555

 D/orders/P05555

Ans:A/orders/{P05555}


Q2.
A Database On Table Row listener retrieves data from a CUSTOMER table that contains a primary key userjd column and an increasing kxjin_date_time column. Neither column allows duplicate values.
How should the listener be configured so it retrieves each row at most one time?
 ASet the watermark column to the bgin_date_time column

 BSet the target value to the last retrieved login_date_time value

 CSet the target value to the last retrieved user_jd value

 DSet the watermark column to the user_Id column

Ans:BSet the target value to the last retrieved login_date_time value


Q3.
Refer to the exhibits.
 
 
What payload and quantity are logged at the end of the main flow?
 A[[1,2,3,4], 14]

 B[[order1, order2, order3, order4], 14]

 C[[1,2,3,4], 10]

 D[orderlorder2order3order4,1

Ans: B[[order1, order2, order3, order4], 14]

Q4.
A Mule project contains a DataWeave module called MyModule.dwl that defines a function named formatString. The module is located in the project's src/main/resources/modules folder.
What is the correct way in DataWeave code to import MyModule using a wildcard and then call the module's formatString function?
A)
 
B)
 
C)
 
D)
 
 AOption A

 BOption B

 COption C

 DOption D

Ans: COption C

Q5.
Refer to the exhibits.
 
The Set Payload transformer In the addltem subflow uses DataWeave to create an order object.
What is the correct DataWeave code for the Set Payload transformer in the createOrder flow to use the addltem subflow to add a router cable with the price of 100 to the order?
 Aaddltemf { payload: { price: '100', item: 'router', itemType: 'cable' } > )

 Blookupf 'addltem', { payload: { price: '100', item: 'router', itemType: 'cable' } } )

 Caddltemf { price: '100', item: 'router', itemType: 'cable' })

 Dlookupf 'addltem', { price: '100', item: 'router', itemType: 'cable' } )

Ans:Blookupf 'addltem', { payload: { price: '100', item: 'router', itemType: 'cable' } } )	


What condition requires using a CloudHub Dedicated Load Balancer?
 AWhen cross-region load balancing is required between separate deployments of the same Mule application

 BWhen custom DNS names are required for API implementations deployed to customer-hosted Mule runtimes

 CWhen API invocations across multiple CloudHub workers must be load balanced

 DWhen server-side load-balanced TLS mutual authentication is required between API implementations and API clients

ANS : BWhen custom DNS names are required for API implementations deployed to customer-hosted Mule runtimes


Question 2
When designing an upstream API and its implementation, the development team has been advised to not set timeouts when invoking downstream API. Because the downstream API has no SLA that can be relied upon. This is the only donwstream API dependency of that upstream API. Assume the downstream API runs uninterrupted without crashing. What is the impact of this advice?
 AThe invocation of the downstream API will run to completion without timing out.

 BAn SLA for the upstream API CANNOT be provided.

 CA default timeout of 500 ms will automatically be applied by the Mule runtime in which the upstream API implementation executes.

 DA load-dependent timeout of less than 1000 ms will be applied by the Mule runtime in which the downstream API implementation executes.

Ans:  CA default timeout of 500 ms will automatically be applied by the Mule runtime in which the upstream API implementation executes.


Question 3
An API has been updated in Anypoint Exchange by its API producer from version 3.1.1 to 3.2.0 following accepted semantic versioning practices and the changes have been communicated via the API's public portal. The API endpoint does NOT change in the new version. How should the developer of an API client respond to this change?
 AThe update should be identified as a project risk and full regression testing of the functionality that uses this API should be run.

 BThe API producer should be contacted to understand the change to existing functionality.

 CThe API producer should be requested to run the old version in parallel with the new one.

 DThe API client code ONLY needs to be changed if it needs to take advantage of new features.

Ans:  DThe API client code ONLY needs to be changed if it needs to take advantage of new features.

Question 4
A new upstream API Is being designed to offer an SLA of 500 ms median and 800 ms maximum (99th percentile) response time. The corresponding API implementation needs to sequentially invoke 3 downstream APIs of very similar complexity. The first of these downstream APIs offers the following SLA for its response time: median: 100 ms, 80th percentile: 500 ms, 95th percentile: 1000 ms. If possible, how can a timeout be set in the upstream API for the invocation of the first downstream API to meet the new upstream API's desired SLA?
 ASet a timeout of 100 ms; that leaves 400 ms for the other two downstream APIs to complete

 BDo not set a timeout; the Invocation of this API Is mandatory and so we must wait until it responds

 CSet a timeout of 50 ms; this times out more invocations of that API but gives additional room for retries

 DNo timeout is possible to meet the upstream API's desired SLA; a different SLA must be negotiated with the first downstream API or invoke an alternative API

Ans:  ASet a timeout of 100 ms; that leaves 400 ms for the other two downstream APIs to complete


Question 5
An organization has several APIs that accept JSON data over HTTP POST. The APIs are all publicly available and are associated with several mobile applications and web applications. The organization does NOT want to use any authentication or compliance policies for these APIs, but at the same time, is worried that some bad actor could send payloads that could somehow compromise the applications or servers running the API implementations. What out-of-the-box Anypoint Platform policy can address exposure to this threat?
 AApply a Header injection and removal policy that detects the malicious data before it is used

 BApply an IP blacklist policy to all APIs; the blacklist will Include all bad actors

 CShut out bad actors by using HTTPS mutual authentication for all API invocations

 DApply a JSON threat protection policy to all APIs to detect potential threat vectors

Ans: BApply an IP blacklist policy to all APIs; the blacklist will Include all bad actors

Question 6
An organization is implementing a Quote of the Day API that caches today's quote. What scenario can use the CloudHub Object Store connector to persist the cache's state?
 AWhen there is one deployment of the API implementation to CloudHub and another one to customer hosted mule runtime that must share the cache state.

 BWhen there are two CloudHub deployments of the API implementation by two Anypoint Platform business groups to the same CloudHub region that must share the cache state.

 CWhen there is one CloudHub deployment of the API implementation to three workers that must share the cache state.

 DWhen there are three CloudHub deployments of the API implementation to three separate CloudHub regions that must share the cache state.

Ans:  AWhen there is one deployment of the API implementation to CloudHub and another one to customer hosted mule runtime that must share the cache state.

Question 7
An organization is evaluating using the CloudHub shared Load Balancer (SLB) vs creating a CloudHub dedicated load balancer (DLB). They are evaluating how this choice affects the various types of certificates used by CloudHub deployed Mule applications, including MuleSoft-provided, customer-provided, or Mule application-provided certificates. What type of restrictions exist on the types of certificates for the service that can be exposed by the CloudHub Shared Load Balancer (SLB) to external web clients over the public internet?
 AUnderlying Mule applications need to implement own certificates

 BOnly MuleSoft provided certificates can be used for server side certificate

 COnly self signed certificates can be used

 DAll certificates which can be used in shared load balancer need to get approved by raising support ticket

ANS : BOnly MuleSoft provided certificates can be used for server side certificate

Refer to the exhibit. What are the values of the counter and stepVar variables in the On Complete phase?
 
 
Counter: 31, stepVar: 31
 
Counter: 1, stepVar: 31
 
Counter: 31, stepVar: null
 
Counter: 1, stepVar: null

Ans : Counter: 1, stepVar: null

What MuleSoft product enables publishing, sharing, and searching of APIs?
 
API Designer
 
API MUnit
 
Anypoint Exchange
 
API Notebook

Ans : Anypoint Exchange

Refer to the exhibit. What are the values of the counter and stepVar variables after the Batch Job?
 
 
Counter: 31, stepVar: 31
 
Counter: 1, stepVar: 31
 
Counter: 1, stepVar: null
 
Counter: 31, stepVar: null

Ans: Counter: 1, stepVar: null
 

A Batch Job scope has three batch steps. An event processor in the second batch step throws an error because the input data is incomplete. What is the default behavior of the batch job after the error is thrown?
 
Event processing continues to the third batch step
 
All processing of the batch job stops
 
The second batch step is retried
 
The first batch step is retried

ANS : All processing of the batch job stops
 

Refer to the exhibits. What is the output of the Logger component in the Batch Job?
 
 
[.333]
[1]
 
[.333, 1]
 
[.333, .667, 1, 1.333]
 
[.333]
[.667]
[1]
[1.333]

Ans: A[.333]
[1]
 

In a RAML specification, what attribute defines a query parameter to be optional for a resource?
 
Required: false
 
Optional: true
 
Provided: false
 
Mandatory false

Ans: Required: false
 

"*What is NOT part of a Mule 3 message?*"
 
Payload
 
InboundProperties
 
OutbountProperties
 
Variables
 
Attachments

Ans : Variables

What out-of-the-box policy can safeguard against Denial of Service type attacks?
 
Rate limiting
 
Throttling
 
Cross-origin resource sharing
 
LDAP security manager

Ans: Rate limiting

A Mule application properties file named training-DEVproperties has been defined. How is the properties file referenced in the Mule application?
 
In an attribute in the main mule element
 
In a Property Placeholder element
 
As a -M-D placeholder when starting the Mule runtime
 
In an attribute in the HTTP Listener element

ANS :  In a Property Placeholder element

What port number is used to expose the domain URL of a Mule application deployed to CloudHub?
 
8081
 
81
 
80
 
8080

Ans : 80

What message processor can set the HTTP response status code to 200?
 
Variable
 
Set Payload
 
Property
 
Record Variable
 
Attachment

Ans : Property

What property of a Mule message is immutable?
 
Attachments
 
OutboundProperties
 
Session Variables
 
Payload
 
InboundProperties
 
Flow Variables

Ans: InboundProperties

A Mule application has two flows named parentFlow and childFlow. A variable is defined in parentFlow. What is true for a Mule subflow?
 
It can have its own exception strategy
 
It is executed synchronously
 
An external client can send messages directly to it
 
It must be in the same configuration file as the parent flow

Ans: 

What is the default processing strategy of a one-way flow?
 
Queued-asynchronous
 
Synchronous
 
Non-blocking
 
Thread-per-processor
 
Queued-thread-per-processor

Ans: Queued-asynchronous
 

What is required for two Mule applications to share data using a VM connector component?
 
Put the Mule applications in the same Anypoint Platform environment
 
Put the Mule applications in the same Anypoint Platform business group
 
Put the Mule applications in the same non-default Mule domain
 
Put the Mule applications in the same default Mule domain

Ans : 
Put the Mule applications in the same non-default Mule domain


How are outbound properties automatically passed to an outbound REST request using an HTTP Request component?
 
As headers
 
As query parameters
 
As URI parameters
 
In the message payload
 
As attachments
 
As flow variables

Ans : As headers

A WSDL defines a conversionRate operation with an input message that requires two parts: fromCurrency and toCurrency. How are fromCurrency and toCurrency set in the flow in order to call the conversionRate operation using a Web Service Consumer component?
 
In two flow variables
 
As outbound properties
 
As inbound properties
 
In the message payload
 
As attachments

ANS : In the message payload

What is NOT a way to pass data to a RESTful web service in a flow using an outbound HTTP Request component?
 
Set URI parameters in the HTTP Request component
 
Set inbound properties before the HTTP Request component
 
Set query parameters in the HTTP Request component
 
Set outbound properties before the HTTP Request component

ANS : Set inbound properties before the HTTP Request component

What asset can NOT be created using Anypoint Platform Design Center?
 
API Specifications
 
Mule Applications
 
API Fragments
 
API portals

Ans : API portals

An exception is caught by a choice exception strategy. How is the exception routed?
 
To all exceptions whose conditions evaluate to true
 
To the first exception strategy whose condition evaluates to true
 
To the first exception strategy whose condition evaluates to true and to the default exception strategy
 
To the first exception strategy whose condition evaluates to true and to the global exception strategy

Ans : To the first exception strategy whose condition evaluates to true
 

How is a default exception strategy set in a Mule application?
 
In a configuration global element in any Mule configuration XML file
 
In the mule-app.properties file
 
As an attribute of one or more flow configuration elements in one or more Mule configuration XML files
 
As an attribute of a global exception strategy
 
As a JVM system environment variable

Ans : In a configuration global element in any Mule configuration XML file

A Payload filter is configured to test for type javalang_String. What happens when the filter is passed a message with the payload null?
 
The Mule application stops
 
The message is replayed from the start of the flow
 
The message is passed to subsequent message processors
 
All subsequent message processors are skipped

Ans : All subsequent message processors are skipped

What module and operation will throw an exception if a Mule event's payload is not a number?
 
Validation module’s Is number operation
 
Validation module’s Is not number operation
 
Filter’s module’s Is number operation
 
Filter’s module’s Is not number operation

Ans : Validation module’s Is number operation


A Mule flow has a JMS queue listener as the message source. Where can the next message processor access a JMS messages header?
 
Outbound property
 
Inbound property
 
Payload
 
Attachment
 
Flow variable

Ans : Inbound property
 

What part of a Mule flow can contain a Poll scope?
 
Async scope
 
Message source
 
For Each scope
 
Message Enricher scope

Ans : Message source


How is a Poll scope's watermark accessed from a message processor in a flow?
 
In a session variable
 
In an outbound property
 
In an inbound property
 
In a flow variable
 
In a header

Ans : In a flow variable


A File connector configured to read files from a /mule/input directory. All other File connector settings are the default settings. What happens to a file after it is processed by the File connector?
 
The file is moved to /mule/output
 
The file is deleted from the input directory, but is not moved anywhere
 
The file is moved to /tmp
 
The file stays in the input directory

Ans : The file is deleted from the input directory, but is not moved anywhere
 


What phase of a batch job using a Batch scope must contain at least one message processor?
 
Input
 
Load and Dispatch
 
Process Records
 
On Complete

Ans: Process Records
 

A message payload is modified using a Message Enricher scope with an empty target. What is true about the message payload that leaves the Message Enricher scope?
 
The payload is changed to the modified payload
 
The modified payload is stored in a flow variable
 
The modified payload is stored as an inbound property
 
The payload returns to the original payload
 
The modified payload is stored as an outbound property

Ans : The payload returns to the original payload

A Batch scope has three batch steps. A message processor in the second batch step throws an exception because the input data is incomplete. What is the default behavior after the exception is thrown?
 
Continues to the third batch step
 
Stops processing the entire batch job
 
Retries the second batch step
 
Retries the first batch step

Ans : 
Stops processing the entire batch job


What is the purpose of the api:router element in APIkit?
 
Routes requests to API implementations, but does not validate them against RAML API specifications
 
Routes responses to the caller, but does not validate them against RAML API specifications
 
Validates requests against RAML API specifications and routes them to API implementations
 
Validates responses returned from API requests and routes them to the caller

Ans : Validates requests against RAML API specifications and routes them to API implementations

What is the scope of a record variable in a Batch scope?
 
In a single batch step, but not in the other batch steps
 
In all batch steps, but not in the On Complete phase
 
In the message source, each batch step, and the On Complete phase
 
In all batch steps, and the On Complete phase 

Ans : In all batch steps, but not in the On Complete phase


A web client submits a GET request to a Mule 4 application to the endpoint /customers?id=48493. Where is the id stored in the Mule event by the HTTP Listener?
 
Inbound properties
 
Variables
 
Attributes
 
Payload

Ans : Attributes
 

Assume that a database table contains a record ID column that always increases as new records get added to the table. In a Mule application, what is the key process to enable manual watermarking for requests to a database using the Scheduler endpoint and the Database SELECT operation?
 
Save the max recordID from the set of recordIDs in an ObjectStore and reference this record in subsequent database requests
 
Enable automatic watermarking in the Database SELECT operation
 
Set the Watermark column in the Scheduler endpoint to the recordID
 
Save the max recordID from the set of recordIDs in a variable and reference this variable in subsequent database request

Ans : Save the max recordID from the set of recordIDs in an ObjectStore and reference this record in subsequent database requests

How is the success of a Center for enablement measured?
 
Measured on policies in place
 
Measured on asset consumption
 
Measured on accessibility of assets
 
Measured on number of assets available

Ans :

1.	What are four ways APIs provide the info for how to communicate with a software component? (Select 4... lol)
 
Operations (what to call)
 
Inputs (what to send with a call)
 
Outputs (what you get back from a call)
 
Underlying data types

ANS :

Submit My Answer
This defines what you can call, what you send it, and what you get back:
 
API Specification
 
API Proxy
 
Web Service

Ans : Web Service

An API has been created in Design Center. What is the next step to make the API discoverable?
 
Deploy the API to a Maven repository
 
Enable autodiscovery in API Manager
 
Publish the API from inside flow designert
 
Publish the API to Anypoint Exchange

Ans : Publish the API to Anypoint Exchange


What is an application that controls access to a web service, restricting access and usage with an API gateway?
 
API Specification
 
API Proxy
 
Web Service

Ans : 

What is the actual implementation you can make calls to or the interface of that API implementation?
 
API Specification
 
API Proxy
 
Web Service

Ans : 

How are SOAP web services defined?
 
In an XML-based WSDL (Web Services Description Language) file
 
DUH

Ans : In an XML-based WSDL (Web Services Description Language) file
 

In what file does the Mule project keep track of all of its dependencies?
 
Mule-artifact.json
 
Pom.xml
 
Mule-app.properties
 
Global.xml

Ans : Pom.xml

What do RESTful web services use?
 
Existing HTTP communication protocol
 
DUH

ANS :

What is the minimum required configuration in a flow for a Mule application to compile?
 
An event processor/A message processor in the Process section of a flow
 
An event/message processor in the Source section of a flow
 
An empty flow
 
A message processor in both the Source and Process sections of a flow

Ans : A message processor in both the Source and Process sections of a flow


What can ONLY be done with VM connectors, and NOT with Flow References, in a single Mule application?
 
Preserve variables as the Mule event gets passed to another flow
 
Allow a flow to pass events to another flow synchronously
 
Preserve the original payload when the VM connector returns a response from a flow
 
Allow a flow to pass events to another flow asynchronously

Ans: Allow a flow to pass events to another flow asynchronously


Which RESTful web service request method partially updates a resource?
 
GET
 
POST
 
DELETE
 
PUT
 
PATCH

Ans:PUT

Which RESTful web service request method creates a new resource?
 
GET
 
POST
 
DELETE
 
PUT
 
PATCH

Ans:PUT


An inbound Database connector is configured to select rows from a MySQL database. What is the format of results returned from the database query?
 
Java
 
JSON
 
XML
 
CSV

ANS :Java

Which RESTful web service request method deletes a resource?
 
GET
 
POST
 
DELETE
 
PUT
 
PATCH

ANS : DELETE
 

What is NOT part of a Mule 4 event?
 
Message
 
Payload
 
InboundProperties
 
Attributes

ANS : InboundProperties
 

What file type is required to configure a Web Service Consumer to consume a SOAP web service?
 
RAML
 
WSDL
 
JSON
 
OAS

ANS : wsdl

How does APIkit determine the number of flows to generate from a RAML specification?
 
Creates a separate flow for each HTTP method
 
Creates a separate flow for each resource
 
Creates a separate flow for each resource that contains child resources
 
Creates one flow for the entire API spec
 
Creates a separate flow for each response status code

Ans: Creates a separate flow for each HTTP method

How are query parameters dynamically passed to an outbound REST request using an HTTP Request operation?
 
As query parameters in the HTTP Request operation
 
As URI parameters in the HTTP Request operation
 
In the Mule’s event’s payload
 
As flow variables
 
As attributes in a Transform Message component before the HTTP Request operation
 
As attributes in the HTTP Listener operation

Ans : As query parameters in the HTTP Request operation

What is the purpose of API autodiscovery?
 
Enables API Manager to discover the published API on Anypoint Exchange
 
Allows the Mule application to be automatically discovered on Anypoint Exchange
 
Enables the API to be directly manage in API Manager
 
Allows a deployed Mule application to connect with API Manager to download policies and act as its own API proxy

ANS : Allows a deployed Mule application to connect with API Manager to download policies and act as its own API proxy


1.	Refer to the exhibit:
#%RAML 1.0 title: ACME Medical API baseUri: https://dev.acme.com/api /patients: GET: queryParameters: year: type: integer example: 2017 What is the correct URL to perform a GET request to /patients?
 
Http://dev.acme.com/patients?year=2016
 
Http://dev.acme.com/api/patients
 
Http://dev.acme.com/patients
 
Http://dev.acme.com/api/patients?year=2016

Ans : Http://dev.acme.com/api/patients?year=2016


Refer to the exhibit. The flow calls a SOAP endpoint using the Consume operation of the Web Service Consumer. The SOAP service has a required input parameter. What event processor can be used to build the SOAP envelope with the required argument to pass to the SOAP service?
 
 
Set Property
 
Build SOAP
 
Transform Message
 
JSON to XML
 
Set Attachment

ANS :Transform Message

Which RESTful web service request method retrieves the current state of a resource in some representation (usually JSON or XML)
 
GET
 
POST
 
DELETE
 
PUT
 
PATCH
ANS : GET

Which RESTful web service request method replaces a resource completely? (If the resources doesn't exist a new one is created)
 
GET
 
POST
 
DELETE
 
PUT
 
PATCH
ANS :POST

A RAML example fragment named BankAccountsExample.raml is placed in the examples folder in an API specification project. What is the correct syntax to reference the fragment?
 
Example: !include BankAccountsExample.raml
 
Example: #import BankAccountsExample.raml
 
Example: !include examples/BankAccountsExample.raml
 
Example: #import examples/BankAccountsExample.raml

ANS : !include examples/BankAccountsExample.raml
 

What are four benefits of API portals? (Choose 4)
 
Documentation and examples
 
Way to register applications and get access to the API
 
Way to provide feedback and make requests
 
Way to test the API by making calls to it

ANS :

Submit My Answer
What is the maximum number of Mule applications that can run in a Cloud Hub Worker?
 
At most one
 
At least one
 
Depends on the vCores
 
Depends on the number of CloudHub workers configured

Ans: At most one
 
What takes data and devices connected with APIs to make them pluggable and to create reusable services?
 
Application network
 
DUH
What is a method of communication that allows two software systems to exchange data over the internet?
 
Web Service
 
GDUH
What does an API proxy application NOT do?
 
Determine which request Mule event is allowed to pass through to the API backend service
 
Apply runtime policies to enforce governance

Ans:Determine which request Mule event is allowed to pass through to the API backend service
 
Determine which response Mule event is allowed to pass through to the API backend service
 
Measure the traffic flowing through the proxy
An HTTP Request operation returns a JSON array of objects. In the Transform Message component, what is the process to convert the array of objects to an array of custom Java Account objects?
 
Add the Account object metadata to the output and use the drag-and-drop feature to transform the incoming JSON data
 
Change the output type to the Java Account object type
 
Add the Account object metadata to the input and the Transform Message component will automatically convert the JSON objects to Account objects
 
Change the input type to the Java Account object type


What provides info for how to communicate with a software component?
 
API
 
DUH
What do RESTful web services use?
 
Standard HTTP protocol
 
DUH

Ans:Standard HTTP protocol

When a REST API is added to the exchange, what is automatically created for it?
 
API Portal
 
DUH

What are three things an API portal has? (Choose 3)
 
Auto-generated API documentation
 
API console
 
Auto-generated API endpoint that uses a mocking service
Submit My Answer
Refer to the exhibit: 1 #%RAML 1.0 2 title: American Flights API 3 version: 10 4 5 /flights: 6 get: 7 8 /{flight_id}: 9 10 get: There is an error in the flight_id resource's GET method. What needs to be done to fix the problem?
 
Remove blank line on row 9
 
Enclose flight_id with parenthesis () instead of curly braces {}
 
Indent the get method under the {flight_id} resource
 
Outdent the {flight_id} resource
 
Remove the curly braces {} around flight_id
Ans:

What is the process to create a connector using REST Connect?
 
Develop the API in flow designer and publish the API to Exchange
 

Design the API In Design Center and publish the API to Exchange
 
Develop the API in Anypoint Studio and export the connector as a jar file

Ans:
When is a connector automatically created?
 
When a RAML 1.0 API specification is added to the exchange
 
DUH
What application is used for building integration apps that connect systems and consume APIs?
 
API designer
 
Anypoint Studio
 
Flow Designer

Ans: Anypoint Studio

How are multiple conditions used in a Choice router to route events?
 
To find the FIRST true condition, then route the same event to the matched route and ALL FOLLOWING routes
 
To route the same event to the matched route of EVERY true condition
 
To find the FIRST true condition, then distribute the event to the ONE matched route
 
To filter and aggregate the responses after copying the event to EVERY route

Ans :To find the FIRST true condition, then route the same event to the matched route and ALL FOLLOWING routes

Refer to the exhibit. This RAML specification includes an XML example that matches the Records data type defined in another RAML file named recordsDataType.raml. Using the Records type, how can this XML example be represented in RAML?
 
 
Option 1
 
 
Option 2
 
 
Option 3
 
 
Option 4
 
What application is used for implementing APIs and building integration applications?
 
Anypoint Studio
 
API designer
 
Flow Designer

Ans:Anypoint Studio
 
What application is used for designing, documenting, and mocking APIs?
 
Flow Designer
 
API designer
 
Anypoint Studio

Ans:Anypoint Studio

What is the language Mule uses to access, query, and transform event data?
 
DataWeave 2.0
 
DUH

Ans: DataWeave 2.0

What does the Mule runtime use to enforce policies and limit access to APIs?
 
Anypoint Access Control
 
The proxy created by API Manager
 
API Manager
 
The Mule runtime’s embedded API Gateway

Ans: Anypoint Access Control

API Manager has been configured to enforce an SLA policy and the RAML spec has been updated with the required client_id and client_secret header requirements. The new RAML spec has been published to Anypoint Exchange. What is the next step to gain access to the API?
 
POST a JSON object to the /api/register endpoint of the API proxy
 
Request access to the API in Anypoint Exchange
 
Email the organization administrators to request access to the API
 
Add a client application to the Anypoint Platform organization

Ans:Email the organization administrators to request access to the API
 
What happens to the attributes of a Mule event in a flow after an outbound HTTP Request is made?
 
New attributes may be added from the HTTP response headers, but no headers are ever removed
 
New attributes may be added from the HTTP response, but previous attributes are passed through unchanged
 
Attributes do not change

 
Attributes are replaced with new attributes from the HTTP Request response (which might be null)
A Scatter-Gather processes three separate HTTP requests. Each request returns a Mule event with a JSON payload. What is the final output of the Scatter-Gather?
 
An Object containing all three Mule event Objects
 
An array of three JSON payload Objects
 
An array of the three Mule event Objects
 
An Object containing all three JSON payload Objects
 
The last JSON payload Object
 
The last Mule event object

Ans : An Object containing all three Mule event Objects
 
An event contains a payload that is an array of Objects. How is the event routed in a Scatter-Gather?
 
The ENTIRE event is sent to each route and processed SEQUENTIALLY
 
The event is SPLIT and different SMALLER events are routed and processed in PARALLEL
 
The event is SPLIT and different SMALLER events are routed and processed SEQUENTIALLY
 
The ENTIRE event is sent to each route and processed in PARALLEL

Ans:The ENTIRE event is sent to each route and processed in PARALLEL


A Set Variable component saves the current payload to a variable with the name images. What is the DataWeave expression to access the images variable?
 
#[payload.images]
 
#[images]
 
#[flowVars.images]
 
#[vars.images] (vars is a DataWeave predefined variable)

Ans : #[vars.images] (vars is a DataWeave predefined variable)



What module and operation will throw an error if a Mule event's payload is not a number?
 
Validation module's Is number operation
 
Validation module's Is not number operation
 
Filter module's Is number operation
 
Filter module's Is not number operation

Ans : Validation module's Is number operation

A web service implements an API to handle requests to https://acme.com/customers/{state}. A web client makes a request to this API implementation at https://acme.com/customers/CA. What is the correct DataWeave expression to retrieve the value CA?
 
#[message.payload.inboundProperties.'http.query.params’.state]
 
#[message.inboundProperties.'http.uri.params'.state]
 
#[attributes.uriParams.state]
 
#[attributes.’http.uri.params’.state]
 
#[state]

Ans: #[attributes.uriParams.state]
 
Refer to the exhibits. What happens to this flow when the Validation module's Is not null operation throws an error?
 
 
The flow silently stops processing its Mule event
 
The flow stops processing its Mule event and returns an error message to the HTTP Listener operation
 
The flow logs the error message in the console and continues processing its Mule event
 
The flow continues processing its Mule event and appends the error message to the end of the payload

Ans: The flow stops processing its Mule event and returns an error message to the HTTP Listener operation


A flow contains an HTTP Listener as the event source. What is the DataWeave expression to log the Content-Type header using a Logger component?
 
#[“Content-Type: “ ++ attributes.headers.’content-type’]
 
#[“Content-Type: “ + headers.’content-type’]
 
#[“Content-Type: “ + attributes.headers.’content-type’]
 
#[“Content-Type: “ ++ headers.’content-type’]
Refer to the exhibit. What is the correct DataWeave expression for accessing the city Cleveland from the JSON payload?
 
 
#[payload[2].city]
 
#[payload[1].city]
 
#[payload.city[1]]
 
#[payload.city[2]]
What is NOT part of a Mule 4 event?
 
Message
 
OutboundProperties
 
Attributes
 
Variables
 
Payload
Refer to the exhibits. The main flow has an On Error Continue scope. In the Configuration global element, default error handler is set to globalErrorHandler. A web client makes an HTTP GET request to the flow's HTTP Listener. The Is number validator then throws an error with message "Validate - Payload is an Integer". What response message is returned to the web client?
 
 
Error - main flow
 
Success - Begin main flow
 
Success - End main flow
 
Validate - Payload is an Integer
 
Global Error Handler
A Mule application has two flows named parentFlow and childFlow. The childFlow begins with an HTTP Listener. A variable is defined in parentFlow, then an HTTP Request is made to childFlow's HTTP Listener with some headers set. What is the scope of the variable and attributes in the parentFlow after childFlow returns a response?
 
The variable is accessible. All the attributes passed to childFlow are removed or replaced
 
The variable is NOT accessible. All the attributes passed to childFlow are removed or replaced
 
The variable is NOT accessible. All the attributes passed to childFlow are preserved
 
The variable is accessible. All the attributes passed to childFlow are preserved
Refer to the exhibits. The main flow has an On Error Propagate scope. In the Configuration global element, default error handler is set to globalErrorHandler. A web client makes an HTTP GET request to the flow's HTTP Listener. The Is number validator then throws an error with message "Validate - Payload is an Integer". What response message is returned to the web client?
 
 
Error - main flow
 
Success - Begin main flow
 
Success - End main flow
 
Validate - Payload is an Integer
 
Global Error Handler
A Mule application has a flow named parentFlow. The parentFlow contains an HTTP Request operation at the end of the flow. The parentFlow also contains a Set Variable operation right before the HTTP Request operation. What is the scope of the variable to the server receiving the HTTP Request from parentFlow?
 
The variable is accessible in the server but is immutable
 
The variable is accessible in the server, can be changed, and changes are see back in parentFlow
 
The variable is NOT accessible in the server
 
The variable is accessible in the server, can be changed but changes are not seen back in parentFlow
A Mule application has two flows named parentFlow and childFlow. A variable is defined in parentFlow. What is the scope of the variable when the parentFlow calls childFlow using a Flow Reference?
 
The flow variable is accessible in childFlow but is immutable
 
The flow variable is accessible in childFlow, can be changed, and changes are seen back in parentFlow
 
The flow variable is NOT accessible in childFlow
 
The flow variable is accessible in childFlow, can be changed, but changes are NOT seen back in parentFlow
Refer to the exhibits. The private flow has an On Error Propagate scope. In the Configuration global element, default error handler is set to globalErrorHandler. A web client makes an HTTP GET request to the flow's HTTP Listener. The Is number validator in the private flow then throws an error with message "Validate - Payload is an Integer". What response message is returned to the web client?
 
 
GlobalErrorHandler
 
Success - mainFlow
 
Error - privateFlow
 
Validate - Payload is a Number
Refer to the exhibits. The main flow has an On Error Continue scope and the private flow has an On Error Propagate scope. A web client makes an HTTP GET request to the HTTP Listener. The Is number validator in the private flow then throws an error with message "Validate - Payload is an Integer". What response message is returned to the web client?
 
 
Error - main flow
 
Success - main flow
 
Error - private flow
 
Success - private flow
 
Validate - Payload is Integer

Ans:Error - private flow

How can an error scope be configured to catch all errors in the HTTP namespace?
 
Type: HTTP
When:
 
Type: HTTP*
When:
 
Type:
When: #[ error.errorType.namespace == "HTTP" ]
 
Type:
When: #[ contains "HTTP" ]

Ans :Type: HTTP*
When:
 

Refer to the exhibits. The main flow has an On Error Continue scope with type set to HTTP:NOT_FOUND. The Mule application configures globalErrorHandler as its default error handler. A web client posts a request to the HTTP Listener. The Transform Message component then throws a MULE:EXPRESSION error trying to convert the payload to application/xml. What response message is returned to the web client?
 
 
"HTTP:NOT_FOUND error"
 
"MAIN"
 
"Global Error Handler"
 
The MULE:EXPRESSION error's message

Ans : "Global Error Handler"

What MuleSoft API-led connectivity layer is intended to expose part of a backend database without business logic?
 
Experience
 
Data
 
System
 
Process
 
Security

Ans:System

Refer to the exhibit. An event payload contains an unordered array of flight objects, where every object has a price key and a toAirport key. What is valid DataWeave code to return flights with price under 500, grouped by toAirport in ascending order, with the lowest price first?
 
 
Payload groupBy $.toAirport filter $.price < 500 orderBy $.price
 
Payload groupBy $.toAirport filter $.price > 500 orderBy $.price
 
Payload filter $.price < 500 orderBy $.price groupBy $.toAirport
 
Payload filter $.price > 500 orderBy $.price groupBy $.toAirport


Ans: Payload groupBy $.toAirport filter $.price > 500 orderBy $.price

Refer to the exhibit. What is valid DataWeave code to transform the input JSON payload to the output XML payload?
 
 
Option 1
 
 
Option 2
 
 
Option 3
 
 
Option 4
 
Ans: Option 4
 

Refer to the exhibit. In the deployable archive's /classes folder, there are two properties files named dev.properties and prod.properties. The Mule application fails to deploy to CloudHub through Runtime Manager with the following error message. What could be causing this error?
 
 
The property files were NOT saved at the root level of the deployable archive
 
The env property is NOT set in the Runtime Manager in the Mule application's Properties tab
 
A file named ${env}.properties is NOT included in the deployable archive file
 
The dev.properties and prod.properties files were NOT uploaded to Runtime Manager

Ans: The env property is NOT set in the Runtime Manager in the Mule application's Properties tab
 
A Mule application has a main flow and a combineNames flow. In the main flow, a variable named fullName is set to the object {firstName: "Max", lastName: "Mule"}. What is valid DataWeave code to call the combineNames flow with the input object stored in the fullName variable?
 
#[ dw::Flow::lookup( "combineNames", vars.fullName ) ]
 
#[ dw::Runtime::lookup( "combineNames", vars.fullName ) ]
 
#[ lookup( "combineNames", vars.fullName ) ]
 
#[ combineNames( vars.fullName ) ]
 
#[ lookup( combineNames( vars.fullName ) ) ]

Ans: #[ dw::Runtime::lookup( "combineNames", vars.fullName ) ]

What DataWeave 2.0 type can be used as input to a map operation?
 
Array
 
Object
 
Map
 
String
 
Key

Ans: Object

What is the correct way to format the decimal 20.3844 as a string to two decimal places?
 
20.3844 as String {format: ".0#"}
 
20.3844 as :string {format: ".0#"}
 
20.3844 as String as format: ".0#"
 
20.3844 as :string as format: ".0#"
 
20.3844 as String (format = ".0#")
 
20.3844 as :string (format = ".0#")

Ans: 20.3844 as :string {format: ".0#"}

What reserved property can be defined and used in a Mule application to allow an HTTPS Listener to be accessed by external web clients after the Mule application is deployed to CloudHub?
 
${ssl.port}
 
${ssl.listener.port}
 
${https.listener.port}
 
${https.port}

Ans:${ssl.listener.port}


A Flow Reference component sends a non-empty JSON object payload to another flow named childFlow, which then returns an XML body. A Flow Reference component saves the payload returned from childFlow to its target attribute named payload. Refer to the exhibit. What is true about the Mule event's payload at the next event processor after the Flow Reference component?
 
 
The payload is the XML response body
 
The payload is a non-empty Java object
 
The payload is the original JSON object
 
The payload is null

Ans:The payload is the original JSON object

Why must a Mule application's deployable archive package all its dependencies in order to be deployed to CloudHub?
 
The online logging service requires access to ALL project dependencies to log the appropriate Java classes used in the Mile application
 
CloudHub workers CANNOT download ALL possible project dependencies a project may contain
 
CloudHub workers need to compare the current dependencies with the LATEST project dependencies from the Mulesoft repository
 
Mulesoft support requires access to ALL project dependencies for future online troubleshooting

ans:CloudHub workers CANNOT download ALL possible project dependencies a project may contain

Refer to the exhibit. What is the object type returned by the File List operation?
 
 
Array of Mule event objects
 
Object of Mule event objects
 
Array of String file names
 
Object of String file names

Ans:Object of Mule event objects


What HTTP method in a RESTful web service is typically used to replace a resource completely?
 
PATCH
 
PUT
 
POST
 
GET

Ans:PUT

What statement is part of Mulesoft's description of an application network?
 
Create reusable APIs and assets designed to be consumed by other business units
 
Creates and manages availability and fault tolerant services and infrastructure
 
Leverages Central IT to deliver complete point-to-point solutions with master data management
 
Creates and manages a collection of JMS messaging services and infrastructure

Ans:  
Create reusable APIs and assets designed to be consumed by other business units
 
According to MuleSoft, what is the Center for Enablement's role in the new IT operating model?
 
Creates and manages assets to be consumed by of business developers
 
Centrally manages partners and consultants to implement line of business projects
 
Implements line of business projects to enforce common security requirements
 
Produces & manages API policies for line of business deployments

Ans: Creates and manages assets to be consumed by of business developers
 

What is a core characteristic of the Modern API?
 
API is designed first using an API specification for rapid feedback
 
API is rapidly prototyped following AGILE methodology
 
API follows the RESTful architecture
 
API has a mechanism to accept feedback and suggestions for improvement

Ans: API is designed first using an API specification for rapid feedback
 
In the Database On Table Row operation, what does the Watermark column enable the On Table Row operation to do?
 
To save the most recent records retrieved from a database to enable database caching
 
To avoid duplicate processing of records in a database
 
To enable multithreaded event processing for each record retrieved from a database
 
To save the payload into the ObjectStore for future reference

Ans:To avoid duplicate processing of records in a database
 

Refer to the exhibit. ENDPOINT: https://www.searchworld.org/s/api.php QUERY PARAMETERS: action - Action type - required options: compare, delete, save, search query - Search string - required profile - Search profile to use options: strict, normal, classic format - The format of the output options: xml, xmlfm, json, jsonfm namespace - Namespace to search options: 1,2,3,4 HEADERS: AUTH - Authentication token - required The API specification supports searching for articles on the searchworld.org site. What is the most idiomatic (used for its intended purpose) URL and method to retrieve articles about "einstein" in XML format?
 
GET Method
api.php?action=search&query=einstein&format=xml
AUTH
 
GET Methodapi.php?&query=einstein&format=xmlAUTH
 
GET Method
api.php?action=search&query=einstein&format=xml
NO AUTH
 
POST Methodapi.php?action=search&query=einstein&format=xmlAUTH

Ans : GET Methodapi.php?&query=einstein&format=xmlAUTH
 

Assume that a database table contains a recordID column that always increases as new records get added to the table. In a Mule application, what is the key process to enable manual watermarking for requests to a database using the Scheduler endpoint and the Database SELECT operation?
 
Save the max recordID from the set of recordIDs in an Object
 
Store and reference this recordID in subsequent database requests
 
Enable automatic watermarking in the Database Select operation
 
Set the Watermark column in the Scheduler endpoint to the recordID
 
Save the max recordID from the set of recordIDs in a variable and reference this variable in subsequent database requests

Ans : 

What is the main purpose of flow designer in Design Center?
 
Design API RAML files in a graphical way
 
To design and Develop fully functional Mule applications in a hosted development environment
 
Define API lifecycle management in a graphical way

Ans: To design and Develop fully functional Mule applications in a hosted development environment
 
 
Design and mock Mule application templates that must be implemented using Anypoint Studio
A flow has a JMS Publish consume operation followed by a JMS Publish operation. Both of these operations have the default configurations. Which operation is asynchronous (does not wait for a response before continuing to the next event processor) and which operation is synchronous (blocks and waits for a response or timeout before continuing to the next event processor)?
 
Publish consume: Asynchronous. Publish: Synchronous
 
Publish consume: Asynchronous. Publish: Asynchronous
 
Publish consume: Synchronous. Publish: Asynchronous
 
Publish consume: Synchronous. Publish: Synchronous

Ans : Publish consume: Synchronous. Publish: Asynchronous
 

Where does a deployed flow designer application run in Anypoint Platform?
 
Exchange
 
Clouhhub Worker
 
API Manager
 
Design Center

Ans : Clouhhub Worker

Refer to the exhibits. The Set Payload component sets the payload to a Map object (not an Array). The File Write operation writes out files based on this Map object. How many files are written to the file system when the flow executes?
 
 
0
 
1
 
]2
 
3

Ans : 0

Refer to the exhibit. The payload [1,2,3] is passed to the Batch Job scope. In Batch_Step_1, a variable named batchStepPayload is set to the current payload. What is the value of the last log message after one batch job completes?
 
 
13
 
[11, 12. 13]
 
33
 
30
 
10

Ans : 13